
Binary Host Servers for Gentoo GRP
==================================
Draft #1 - Sat Apr 30 22:55:03 UTC 2005
---------------------------------------

BINHOST support enables a machine to utilize standard FTP or HTTP
protocols over a network to determine dependency, download, and
install binary packages.

Binaries, as presented on a GRP cd, or as created in the normal
operation of portage, contain all the information required by
portage to install and maintain packages.

GRP provides a fast installation method for those downloading
the GRP packages CDs along side the LiveCDs and stages for an
installation. The benefit of a Gentoo BINHOST server (mirror)
would extend the benefits of GRP to end users and removes the
requirement of a packages CD download.

The PR benefit of this would be the contradiction of the common
stereotype of Gentoo's quickness to install. Depending upon the
connection, one could install a basic system in under 15 minutes,
given that you understood the process already. Adding huge sets
of packages such as kde and gnone would be minimal additions on
top of those 15 minutes.

The obvious objections to such a mirror system for GRP would be
the abuse of the system by end users. The abuse occurs as follows:
A user, having an installed system, decides to install a package
that would take considerable amounts of time to install. The user
then concludes that binaries, available from Gentoo's BINHOST
system will provide the "quick installation" that they can then
update as they have time. The fallacy here is a non-complete
installation of reversion in the systems complete dependency
tree. Downgrading major libraries based upon highly mismatched
stable systems causes high time-cost damage to repair.

This is the identical abuse that one sees with GRP distribution
on CDs. The fear here is an increase in the occurances of
damaged systems and problem reports. The resolution to such
reports should simply be 'INVALID'. The documentation would
make pointed statements on the applicibility of GRP BINHOSTS
and indicate the one-time-use system (in the basic scenario).

The ability to prevent downgrading through GRP should be possible
with minimal side effects for end users of the explicit intent of
the basic GRP scenario. The process would require forging RDEPEND
statements of binary packages to require a specific version of a
package that is not generally available and blocking all others.
The package selected would be a base system package and should be
created with a unique full version and then inserted forged into
every package.

Advanced scenarios of this BINHOST system would be the availability
of slow-changing systems, such as Server, or Stable/Security GRP.
The packages can be maintained on the mirror system, updated as
required by security or periodic advancement. The same system of
limitation could be enabled for Server/Security GRPs as for the
general end-user GRP for quick installation.

Minimally, GRP can now be used as a security-minded binary platform,
a slow-moving target. For Vendors and some users, Gentoo can now
provide it's benefits to a wider market at NO COST TO THE ACTIVE
TREE.

Resource utilization is fairly minimal. GRP BINHOSTs could be
managed from the main rotation of Gentoo-controlled mirrors. This
provides the sanist and most reliable system for distribution.
As a side effect of GRP providing the binaries already on CDs,
the Gentoo-controlled mirrors can utilize almost no additional
space by loopback mounting the Packages CDs in a particular and
seperate directory structure based on system specs.

The bandwidth utilization of BINHOST GRP is completely unknown
at this time, but it should form an absolute peak at the current
distribution of LiveCDs across the mirrors. The suggested upper
bound should be 50% of a LiveCD at equal distribution. BINHOSTs
do not require the entirity of the package to extract the needed
dependency information, thus the entire LiveCD is an excessive
download in comparison.









