Gentoo Linux 2006.1 Unleashed.

ALBUQUERQUE, New Mexico., Aug. 29th -The Gentoo Release Engineering team proudly
announces the release of Gentoo Linux 2006.1, the second release of the
year. It builds on the strength of previous releases with several
improvements. Featuring all of Gentoo's well-documented advantages in
flexibility, performance and portability, this release is now available
on all supported architectures. It is a compelling choice
for people desiring a flexible, powerful community-based Linux
distribution.

The 2006.1 release features many highlights that improve upon 2006.0.
The AMD64, HPPA, x86, 32- and 64-bit PowerPC releases are built with and
include GCC 4.1, a great improvement over version 3.4 used for 2006.0.
Also included are the GNU C library version 2.4 and Gentoo's baselayout
1.12.1, with improved system startup scripts.
Alpha, x86 and AMD64 also feature a new profile layout, with separate
sub-profiles for desktop and server systems. This makes customization
much easier as the profile defaults can be pre-tuned to the type of
system being used.

The Gentoo Linux Installer for the x86 and AMD64 platforms now features
a networkless install mode, with a more streamlined configuration
interface making a typical installation quicker and easier than ever.
It also includes new and improved partitioning code that can make
better use of existing partition setups with unusual arrangements and
improved error handling to minimize the chances of damaged partition
tables.

For the Alpha platform, the InstallCD now features the option to use a
serial console for installation with minimal effort, and the stages are
once again unified into one set for LinuxThreads and NPTL systems. The
compiler used has been upgraded to GCC version 3.4.6, and it includes
an updated glibc, to allow the unified stages for LinuxThreads and NPTL.

The SPARC release includes several improvements over 2006.0, including
InstallCD support for systems with more than 4GB of memory and an
updated toolchain bringing fixes for various compilation problems. Also
new is InstallCD and kernel support for the new UltraSPARC T1 processor
used in the Sun T1000 and T2000 systems.

Gentoo Linux 2006.1 now brings official support for the dual-core G5
processor on the PPC platform, support for the serial console on Apple
Xserve machines and improved support for installation from a FireWire
disk. Official stages are built for 64- and 32-bit userlands on generic
PPC64, POWER5 and PowerPC 970 (G5) platforms, and GRP packages are
available for the latest KDE, Gnome and XFCE releases on all of the
above configurations.

Gentoo is also offering experimental stages for SuperH, the embedded
processor developed by Hitachi in the early 1990s and most notably
found in the SEGA DreamCast and several models of HP PDA. The port
presently supports, and was developed on, the LanTANK system, with
support for more systems planned in the future.

About Gentoo Linux

Gentoo is committed to producing a high-quality open source
distribution, the latest release of which can always be found at 
<http://www.gentoo.org/main/en/where.xml.> More information regarding
this release can be found on the Gentoo Release Engineering team's
project page.

You may obtain Gentoo Linux 2006.1 via our bouncer system
<http://www.gentoo.org/main/en/where.xml>, or if you prefer, contribute
to the available bandwidth using our BitTorrent tracker
<http://torrents.gentoo.org>.

Press Contact:
Christel Dahlskjaer, pr@gentoo.org -- +44 8447790812
