Gentoo Foundation Conference Funding Request

The purpose of this form is to allow the foundation to keep track of funding
requests in an organized fashion, instead of having a collection of e-mails,
IRC conversations, etc.

This form has a specific format. All of the sections start at the left side of
the form. They have a short name and a description. Insert your responses
after the examples, one tab in.

File a new bug in the Infrastructure product and assign it to
trustees@gentoo.org. Attach the request form, and make sure all lines are
wrapped at 80 columns so it's easily viewable in a browser.

Summary: One-line summary of your request

    Scale 2011 - Booth Rental - 1000 Live DVD's - 25 Gentoo Developer Polo
    Shirts

Requesters: Names and nicks of people involved in this request. At least one
of them must be a manager. If the foundation cannot directly purchase the
request, the first requester will receive access to funding.

    Josh Saddler (nightmorph) Nedd Ludd (solar)

Deadline (mandatory): Day Month Year. Request must be 6 weeks in advance.

    Today's Date: 2009/11/05               Conference Date: 2010/02/19

Priority: Urgent, High, Medium or Low (select one)

    High

Amount requested: Submitted in your local currency.

    $5675 USD

Funding disbursement: Will the foundation directly purchase the items, or must
the funds be given to a requester? If they must be given to a requester, state
why.

If the foundation is to purchase the items please email to trustees@gentoo.org
the delivery address and contact phone number. 

This information will not be public, and make a note on the bug that this has
been done.

Describe the conference, names of developers expected to attend, and the booth
registration number if applicable. 

    Booth reservation number 1009874 Expected Developers: nightmorph vapier
    solar omg kingtaco robbat2 agaffney beandog

Vendors:
    
Provide vendors name and itemised quotes.

Itemized expense list:

    Amount  Money       Item                Vendor
------------------------------------------------------------
1.  1       1,375       SCALE Booth         SCALE 
2.  1000    3,750       LiveDVD 10.2        Stormfront 
3.  25      550         Gentoo Logo Polo    Cafepress

Justification: Provide any available information, conference purpose and
goals.

    Last year Developers provided their own Gentoo Polo shirts. Over 4,000
    people visited our booth last year and over half inquired about Gentoo
    media. We just released a new Live DVD and would like to show it off. 

Supporting information: Put any additional relevant things here.  Put the URL
of the conference.

    http://www.socallinuxexpo.org/scale8x/
    
The foundation requests that you provide a blog post about your experiences 
and contact the PR team to include a news item for the front page.

