Background
==========

In September 2006 I became a developer after writing a lot of ebuilds in
the Gentoo Sunrise project and helping with the postgresql ebuilds.
Currently I'm responsible for packages in the herds samba, cpp, python,
sysadmin and postgresql. Furthermore I'm a member of the gentoo python
project and a glep-editor.

Besides my Gentoo development work I also organize the Gentoo booth at the
OpenExpo in Switzerland twice a year.

Questions.
==========

1) What you will do?

First I'll try to clean up our structure and write down clearly what we have,
who's responsible for what and how the workflows are. You might also consider
the GLEPs I've written as an example for what I'm trying to achieve.

2) Why you will do it

Because I think we can't grow in a sane way anymore without having at least
general policies written down. I don't want to over-regularize Gentoo but I
got the impression in the last few months that we loose a lot of time
discussing the same questions over and over again and that we're blocked by
non-existent or -- even worse -- seemingly existing policies like GLEP 39.

3) How you will do it?

To keep it open and fair I'll probably do a lot of things via GLEPs.
But even if I do believe that many things should be written down I think that we
should never stop talking about issues. Policies are not meant to be written
in stone, they're alive and should be revised from time to time (and we should
not first need a catastrophe for that to happen). So I think it's not the
council's sole responsibility to generate improvements (the council is rather
the legislature) but it's the people (users and developers alike) who should
come up with improvements.

4) What is the timescale for doing it?

A half year until we get the organizational problems resolved. Another half
year to speed up development again.

5) What experience do you have with this or a similar role?

While studying I currently work as a CIO in small company (~30
people). In highschool I was president of the students organization for
1.5 years.

6) Why do you think you are qualified?

I'm dedicated and consequent. I have know-how as a leader (see above) but I
also consider myself a good team player.

7) How you plan to balance a council role with your current Gentoo role?

Council decisions have absolute priority. Once the decision has been made the
council members have to represent the decision as their own even if they don't
like it.

8) How much time can you dedicate to the council role

What is needed. In case it takes more I'll first put my pet projects on hold.


