Background
==========

I became a developer in August 2006 for taking care of wxWidgets packages and
then quickly branched out into the GNOME team. Currently I still co-maintain
GNOME and wxWidgets packages, with a strong eye on the quality and technical
merit of the changes done to the packages.

In addition to Gentoo work, I participate in various upstreams with programming
work - GNOME and related projects from extra free time, and firmware and
embedded code at day-job.

Questions
=========

1) What you will do?

If I am elected, I will concentrate on pushing technical advancement at the
global scope of the Gentoo project. Probably best explained with a few examples:

* Looking into ways for users (developers are also users) to more easily and
  conveniently let us know what they are looking for in the more global sense
  (think akin to Ubuntu blueprints or Fedora wiki "Feature" pages) - things that
  can be considered advancements to the distribution as a whole: "Make bluetooth
  work seamlessly when the USE flag is there", "Integrate PulseAudio perfectly
  to the whole system when chosen with USE flags". Something really cool and
  innovative could be suggested there, that we all could implement  ;) 
* Looking into possibilities to make maintainers work easier, for example
  investigate into centralized maintainer tools, such as an automated missing
  version bumps detector (we have done that in GNOME in a semi-automated way,
  so yes, I steal the idea)
* And so on; you should get the idea of global scope advancements  :) 

In addition there are of course the usual things to do as a member of the
Council.. however we shouldn't take bullshit and concentrate on technical
merits and let those battle it out, not politics.


2) Why will you do it?

Because the council is a body for global technical issues and policies affecting
multiple projects in Gentoo, and that should also mean actually seeking and
finding what the global technical issues are, and getting them solved.


3) How will you do it?

Of course first a good way to push the global advancement should be found
amongst the whole Council and then it should be followed through - possibly
multiple things in parallel, as much should be offloaded to a qualified other
teams within Gentoo.
Letting the relevant more specific team (e.g user relations) take care of it,
help them in it as possible and oversee it all, in a somewhat mentoring role.


4) What is the timescale for doing it?

This is something that will never get done completely, as these are just
steps towards perfection and there are infinite steps, but we get closer (to
the sky?) each step.


5) What experience do you have with this or a similar role?

I've been involved in smaller projects with a role of overseeing the whole
projects technical well-being and direction - the kind of experience you get
from working on software projects for your paycheck with a team.


6) Why do you think you are qualified?

I am (too much of) a perfectionist, and Gentoo needs to start making more
clear steps towards that. I can push it with my 5 years of technical experience
to satisfy my own perfectionism  :) 


7) How you plan to balance a council role with your current Gentoo role?

Council takes precedence in decisions. In free time usage choices as well, as
reasonable (e.g, a relatively rare two day long GNOME release handling is
reasonable to do promptly and be done with it for all our users benefit, instead
of a longer ongoing council task that is not time critical - such is reality and
best for our users)


8) How much time can you dedicate to the council role

As much as necessary, maxing out at 1-2 hours per day average when that much
becomes necessary, as I do have to put food on my table and real life relax.
Necessary time can become available from proper priotizing of computer usage
(no, I don't need to read all those blogs and all the links it points to).
However I will be at a conference (GUADEC) abroad and catch up with things
(including relevant to the council matters) during July, so during that the
commitment is smaller, but after July I'm in full gear.
