Gentoo Foundation
Funding Request

The purpose of this form is to allow the foundation to keep track of funding
requests in an organized fashion, instead of having a collection of e-mails, IRC
conversations, etc.

This form has a specific format. All of the sections start at the left side of
the form. They have a short name and a description. Insert your responses after
the examples, one tab in. A sample form is available at <INSERT LOCATION>.

File a new bug in the Infrastructure product and assign it to
trustees@gentoo.org. Attach the request form, and make sure all lines are
wrapped at 80 columns so it's easily viewable in a browser.

Summary: One-line summary of your request

	New computer and new video card for Donnie

Requesters: Names and nicks of people involved in this request. At least one
of them must be a manager. If the foundation cannot directly purchase the
request, the first requester will receive access to funding.

	Donnie Berkholz (dberkholz), Grant Goodyear (g2boojum)

Deadline (optional): Day Month Year. This may not be applicable in all cases.

	11 June 2005

Priority: Urgent, High, Medium or Low (select one)

	High

Amount requested: This must be in U.S. dollars.

	$3730 USD

Funding type and duration: One-time or ongoing budget. If ongoing budget, put
the budget's ending date as well as the reason it must be ongoing.

	One-time

Funding disbursement: Will the foundation directly purchase the equipment,
or must the funds be given to a requester? If they must be given to a requester,
state why.

	Requester

Problem: Describe the problem this funding would solve. If the problem is
actually a set of mostly unrelated problems, please file a separate request
for each one.

	Donnie's computer is broken. He also needs a new video card to work on X.

Solution: Describe the solution for the problem. Also justify why this solution
is the best solution and which alternative solutions have been considered.

Justification: Provide any available information to show that your
requested funding will be sufficient for your problem.

	Last year we got 50 requests to better support video drivers. The available
	funding was insufficient to provide for the necessary hardware.

Itemized expense list:

		Money		Item
	------------------------------------------------------------------------
	1.	2000		New computer (detailed hardware list)
	2.	30			Cheap video card on ebay

Supporting information: Put any additional relevant things here. If this is a
hardware purchase, put the URL of the product.

	www.computer.com/beastmachine.html
	www.xgi.com/video-card-specs.html
