The Gentoo council

The vote that will be called in August is to fill the positions of the
Gentoo council, the upper decision body that will be called to solve
global issues that can't be solved at project level. It will also serve
as an appeal system to devrel judgments. It is somewhat identical to
the current "Managers meeting" system in that it provides an upper
decision body, but it's also different, in particular it will be less
intrusive and let each project run independently.

You may find that a lot of voting is going on lately. One idea behind
the Gentoo council is that you elect people that will take decisions,
so that we don't have to organize votes for every issue that arises.
Be sure to vote for people that represent your views on Gentoo in
general, while still having the dispute resolution skills necessary to
take the best decision in complex issues.

Background

For those who don't know me, my name is Thierry Carrez, a.k.a. Koon.
I'm 32, married and living in Paris. I've been using Internet since
1993 and Linux since 1994. I've seen the web without the browser and
the search engine, and I survived it. I'm the CIO of a small software
company, managing a small team of engineers that also does training
and technical support.

I've been using Gentoo since 2002, both at home and at work. I joined
the Security team in March 2004, originally to work on the security
policy and procedures. I have been acting as Operational Manager for
the Security project since September 2004, pumping GLSAs out. I also
developed a small subproject inside the Embedded project called GNAP[1],
a system to quickly build LiveCDs and disk images containing network
appliance configurations.

Qualifications for the job

I have some experience in technical management, enough to see that
Gentoo metastructure and management system needed some radical changes.
The discussion at FOSDEM and at the latest managers meeting's Q&A
sessions confirmed that. At the demand of the managers meeting, I
tried to organize the discussion on the subject, and together with
Grant Goodyear we held elections to see which of the various proposals
was the preferred one[2]. I think I have a good knowledge of the spirit
of the proposal that was chosen and, if elected, will make sure the
council will stay in the role it was elected for.

I also have a wide technical culture and good diplomatic skills, which I
think are necessary to make a good member of the council. The security
work implies lots of coordination with all the other teams and projects
in Gentoo. I know your work well and how it fits in the global picture :
if elected, this will help me take the right decision.

Thank you all for your attention,

-- 
Thierry Carrez (Koon)

[1] http://embedded.gentoo.org/gnap.xml
[2] http://dev.gentoo.org/~g2boojum/proposal.html
    http://dev.gentoo.org/~spb/ciaranm-slacker-boot-proposal.txt.
