Come off it, Mr Dent, you can't win you know. You can't lie in front of the bulldozer indefinitely.
I'm game, we'll see who rusts first.
I'm afraid you're going to have to accept it, this bypass has got to be built and it's going to be built!
First I've heard of it.  Why's it going to be built?
What do you mean, why's it got to be built? It's a bypass. You've got to build bypasses.
You were quite entitled to make any suggestions or protests at the appropriate time you know.
Appropriate time? Appropriate time? The first I knew about it was when a workman arrived at my home yesterday. I asked him if he'd come to clean the windows and he said no he'd come to demolish the house. He didn't tell me straight away of course. Oh no. First he wiped a couple of windows and charged me a fiver. Then he told me.
But Mr Dent, the plans have been available in the local planning office for the last nine month.
Oh yes, well as soon as I heard I went straight round to see them, yesterday afternoon. You hadn't exactly gone out of your way to call attention to them had you? I mean like actually telling anybody or anything.
But the plans were on display...
On display? I eventually had to go down to the cellar to find them.
That's the display department.
With a torch.
Ah, well the lights had probably gone.
So had the stairs.
But look, you found the notice didn't you?
Yes, yes I did. It was on display in the bottom of a locked filing cabinet stuck in a disused lavatory with a sign on the door saying Beware of the Leopard.
It's not as if it's a particularly nice house.
I'm sorry, but I happen to like it.
You'll like the bypass.
Oh shut up, said Arthur Dent. Shut up and go away, and take your bloody bypass with you. You haven't got a leg to stand on and you know it.
Mr Dent.
Hello? Yes?
Some factual information for you. Have you any idea how much damage that bulldozer would suffer if I just let it roll straight over you?
How much?
None at all.
Oh, just looking for flying saucers.
Green ones!
Don't you think it's about time you went off home sir?
I'm trying to baby, I'm trying to.
Hello Arthur.
Ford! Hello, how are you?
Fine. Look, are you busy?
Am I busy? Well, I've just got all these bulldozers and things to lie in front of because they'll knock my house down if I don't, but other than that...well, no not especially, why?
Good, is there anywhere we can talk?
What?
We've got to talk.
Fine, talk.
And drink. It's vitally important that we talk and drink. Now. We'll go to the pub in the village.
Look, don't you understand? That man wants to knock my house down!
Well he can do it while you're away can't he?
But I don't want him to!
Ah.
Look, what's the matter with you Ford?
Nothing. Nothing's the matter. Listen to me - I've got to tell you the most important thing you've ever heard. I've got to tell you now, and I've got to tell you in the saloon bar of the Horse and Groom.
But why?
Because you are going to need a very stiff drink.
But what about my house...?
He wants to knock your house down?
Yes, he wants to build...
And he can't because you're lying in front of the bulldozers?
Yes, and...
I'm sure we can come to some arrangement. Excuse me!
Yes? Hello? Has Mr Dent come to his senses yet?
Can we for the moment assume that he hasn't?
Well?
And can we also assume that he's going to be staying here all day?
So?
So all your men are going to be standing around all day doing nothing?
Could be, could be...
Well, if you're resigned to doing that anyway, you don't actually need him to lie here all the time do you?
What?
You don't actually need him here.
Well no, not as such...Not exactly need...
So if you would just like to take it as read that he's actually here, then he and I could slip off down to the pub for half an hour. How does that sound?
That sounds perfectly reasonable.
And if you want to pop off for a quick one yourself later on, we can always cover up for you in return.
Thank you very much, thank you very much, yes, that's very kind...
So, if you would just like to come over here and lie down...
What?
Ah, I'm sorry, perhaps I hadn't made myself fully clear. Somebody's got to lie in front of the bulldozers haven't they? Or there won't be anything to stop them driving into Mr Dent's house will there?
What?
It's very simple. my client, Mr Dent, says that he will stop lying here in the mud on the sole condition that you come and take over from him.
What are you talking about?
You want me to come and lie there...
Yes.
In front of the bulldozer?
Yes.
Instead of Mr Dent.
Yes.
In the mud.
In, as you say it, the mud.
In return for which you will take Mr Dent with you down to the pub?
That's it. That's it exactly.
Promise?
Promise.
Come on, get up and let the man lie down.
And no sneaky knocking down Mr Dent's house whilst he's away, alright?
The mere thought, hadn't even begun to speculate, about the merest possibility of crossing my mind.
But can we trust him?
Myself I'd trust him to the end of the Earth.
Oh yes, and how far's that?
About twelve minutes away. come on, I need a drink.

Six pints of bitter. And quickly please, the world's about to end.
Oh yes sir? Nice weather for it.
Going to watch the match this afternoon then?
No, no point.
What's that, foregone conclusion then you reckon sir? Arsenal without a chance?
No, no. it's just that the world's about to end.
Oh yes sir, so you said. Lucky escape for Arsenal if it did.
No, not really.
There you are sir, six pints.
Get off. They're ours.
Keep the change.
What, from a fiver? Thank you sir.
You've got ten minutes left to spend it.
Ford, would you please tell me what the hell is going on?
Drink up. you've got three pints to get through.
Three pints? At lunchtime?
Time is an illusion. Lunchtime doubly so.
Very deep, you should send that in to the Reader's Digest. They've got a page for people like you.
Drink up.
Why three pints all of a sudden?
Muscle relaxant, you'll need it.
Muscle relaxant?
Muscle relaxant.
Did I do anything wrong today, or has the world always been like this and I've been too wrapped up in myself to notice?
Alright. I'll try to explain. How long have we known each other?
How long? Er, about five years, maybe six. Most of it seemed to make some sense at the time.
Alright. How would you react if I said that I'm not from Guildford after all, but from a small planet somewhere in the vicinity of Betelgeuse?
I don't know. Why - do you think it's the sort of thing you're likely to say?
Drink up.
The world's about to end.
This must be Thursday. I never could get the hang of Thursdays.
Hey, you sass that hoopy Ford Prefect? There's a frood who really knows where his towel is.
You got a towel with you? 
Why? What, no...should I have?
Drink up.
What's that?
Don't worry, they haven't started yet.
Thank God for that.
It's probably just your house being knocked down.
What?
My God they are! They're knocking my house down. What the hell am I doing in the pub, Ford?
It hardly makes any difference at this stage, let them have their fun.
Fun? Fun!
Damn their fun!
Stop, you vandals! You home wreckers! You half crazed Visigoths, stop will you!
There you are sir. Twenty-eight pence if you'd be so kind.
Are you serious, sir? You think the world's going to end?
Yes.
But, this afternoon?
Yes, in less than two minutes I would estimate.
Isn't there anything we can do about it then?
No, nothing.
I thought that if the world was going to end we were meant to lie down or put a paper bag over our head or something.
If you like, yes.
That's what they told us in the army.
Will that help?
No. Excuse me, I've got to go.
Last orders, please.
You barbarians! I'll sue the council for every penny it's got! I'll have you hung, drawn and quartered! And whipped! And boiled...until...until...until you've had enough.
And then I'll do it again! And when I've finished I will take all the little bits, and I will jump on them!
And I will carry on jumping on them until I get blisters, or I can think of anything even more unpleasant to do, and then...
What the hell's that?
People of Earth, your attention please.
This is Prostetnic Vogon Jeltz of the Galactic Hyperspace Planning Council, the voice continued. As you will no doubt be aware, the plans for development of the outlying regions of the Galaxy require the building of a hyperspatial express route through your star system, and regrettably your planet is one of those scheduled for demolition. The process will take slightly less that two of your Earth minutes. Thank you.
There's no point in acting all surprised about it. All the planning charts and demolition orders have been on display in your local planning department on Alpha Centauri for fifty of your Earth years, so you've had plenty of time to lodge any formal complaint and it's far too late to start making a fuss about it now.
What do you mean you've never been to Alpha Centauri? For heaven's sake mankind, it's only four light years away you know. I'm sorry, but if you can't be bothered to take an interest in local affairs that's your own lookout.
Energize the demolition beams.
I don't know, apathetic bloody planet, I've no sympathy at all.
Hey, you're a real cool boy you.
Hi.
Hi.
Hi honey.
Hi.
Wow.
Wow.
That is really amazing. That really is truly amazing. That is so amazingly amazing I think I'd like to steal it.

I bought some peanuts.
Here, have some. If you've never been through a matter transference beam before you've probably lost some salt and protein. The beer you had should have cushioned your system a bit.
Whhhrrrr...
It's dark.
Yes, it's dark.
No light. Dark, no light.
Yes, no light.
How do you feel?
Like a military academy, bits of me keep on passing out.
If I asked you where the hell we were, would I regret it?
We're safe.
Oh good.
We're in a small galley cabin, in one of the spaceships of the Vogon Constructor Fleet.
Ah, this is obviously some strange usage of the word safe that I wasn't previously aware of.
How did we get here?
We hitched a lift.
Excuse me? Are you trying to tell me that we just stuck out our thumbs and some green bug-eyed monster stuck his head out and said, Hi fellas, hop right in. I can take you as far as the Basingstoke roundabout?
Well, the Thumb's an electronic sub-etha signalling device, the roundabout's at Barnard's Star six light years away, but otherwise, that's more or less right.
And the bug-eyed monster?
Is green, yes.
Fine, when can I get home?
You can't.
Shade your eyes...
Good grief, is this really the interior of a flying saucer?
Go away!
Well, what do you think?
It's a bit squalid, isn't it?
Well, this is a working ship, you see. These are the Dentrassi sleeping quarters.
I thought you said they were called Vogons or something.
Yes, the Vogons run the ship, the Dentrassis are the cooks, they let us on board.
I'm confused.
Here, have a look at this.
What is it?
The Hitchhiker's Guide to the Galaxy. It's a sort of electronic book. It tells you everything you need to know about anything. That's its job.
I like the cover. Don't Panic. It's the first helpful or intelligible thing anybody's said to me all day.
I'll show you how it works.
You press this button here you see and the screen lights up giving you the index.
You want to know about Vogons, so I enter that name so. And there we are.
What a strange book. How did we get a lift then?
That's the point, it's out of date now.
I'm doing the field research for the New Revised Edition, and one of the things I'll have to include is a bit about how the Vogons now employ Dentrassi cooks which gives us a rather useful little loophole.
But who are the Dentrassi?
Great guys. They're the best cooks and the best drink mixers and they don't give a wet slap about anything else. And they'll always help hitch hikers aboard, partly because they like the company, but mostly because it annoys the Vogons. Which is exactly the sort of thing you need to know if you're an impoverished hitch hiker trying to see the marvels of the Universe for less than thirty Altairan Dollars a day. And that's my job. Fun, isn't it?
It's amazing.
Unfortunately I got stuck on the Earth for rather longer than I intended. I came for a week and got stuck for fifteen years.
But how did you get there in the first place then?
Easy, I got a lift with a teaser.
A teaser?
Yeah.
Er, what is...
A teaser? Teasers are usually rich kids with nothing to do. They cruise around looking for planets which haven't made interstellar contact yet and buzz them.
Buzz them?
Yeah, they buzz them. They find some isolated spot with very few people around, then land right by some poor soul whom no one's ever going to believe and then strut up and down in front of him wearing silly antennae on their heads and making beep beep noises. Rather childish really.
Ford, I don't know if this sounds like a silly question, but what am I doing here?
Well you know that. I rescued you from the Earth.
And what's happened to the Earth?
Ah. It's been demolished.
Has it.
Yes. It just boiled away into space.
Look, I'm a bit upset about that.
Yes, I can understand that.
Understand that! Understand that!
Keep looking at the book!
What?
Don't Panic.
I'm not panicking!
Yes you are.
Alright so I'm panicking, what else is there to do?
You just come along with me and have a good time. The Galaxy's a fun place. You'll need to have this fish in your ear.
I beg your pardon?
Shush! Listen, it might be important.
Im...important?
It's the Vogon captain making an announcement on the T'annoy.
You mean that's how the Vogons talk?
Listen!
But I can't speak Vogon!
You don't need to. Just put that fish in your ear.
Howl howl gargle howl gargle howl howl howl gargle howl gargle howl howl gargle gargle howl gargle gargle gargle howl slurrp uuuurgh should have a good time. Message repeats. This is your captain speaking, so stop whatever you're doing and pay attention. First of all I see from our instruments that we have a couple of hitchhikers aboard. Hello wherever you are. I just want to make it totally clear that you are not at all welcome. I worked hard to get where I am today, and I didn't become captain of a Vogon constructor ship simply so I could turn it into a taxi service for a load of degenerate freeloaders. I have sent out a search party, and as soon that they find you I will put you off the ship. If you're very lucky I might read you some of my poetry first.
Secondly, we are about to jump into hyperspace for the journey to Barnard's Star. On arrival we will stay in dock for a seventy-two hour refit, and no one's to leave the ship during that time. I repeat, all planet leave is cancelled. I've just had an unhappy love affair, so I don't see why anybody else should have a good time. Message ends.
Charming man. I wish I had a daughter so I could forbid her to marry one...
You wouldn't need to. They've got as much sex appeal as a road accident. No, don't move, you'd better be prepared for the jump into hyperspace. It's unpleasantly like being drunk.
What's so unpleasant about being drunk?
You ask a glass of water.
Ford.
Yeah?
What's this fish doing in my ear?
It's translating for you. It's a Babel fish. Look it up in the book if you like.
I refuse to prove that I exist, for proof denies faith, and without faith I am nothing.
But the Babel fish is a dead giveaway, isn't it?  It could not have evolved by chance. It proves you exist, and so therefore, by your own arguments, you don't. QED.
Oh dear, I hadn't thought of that.
Oh, that was easy.
Ford!
Yeah?
If you're a researcher on this book thing and you were on Earth, you must have been gathering material on it.
Well, I was able to extend the original entry a bit, yes.
Let me see what it says in this edition then, I've got to see it.
Yeah OK.
It doesn't have an entry!
Yes it does, down there, see at the bottom of the screen, just under Eccentrica Gallumbits, the triple-breasted whore of Eroticon 6.
What? Harmless? Is that all it's got to say? Harmless! One word!
Well, there are a hundred billion stars in the Galaxy, and only a limited amount of space in the book's microprocessors, and no one knew much about the Earth of course.
Well for God's sake I hope you managed to rectify that a bit.
Oh yes, well I managed to transmit a new entry off to the editor. He had to trim it a bit, but it's still an improvement.
And what does it say now?
Mostly harmless.
Mostly harmless!
What was that noise?
It was me shouting.
No! Shut up! I think we're in trouble.
You think we're in trouble!
The Dentrassi?
No, those are steel tipped boots.
Then who is it?
Well, if we're lucky it's just the Vogons come to throw us in to space.
And if we're unlucky?
If we're unlucky, the captain might be serious in his threat that he's going to read us some of his poetry first...
Oh frettled gruntbuggly...
Thy micturations are to me
As plurdled gabbleblotchits on a lurgid bee.
Aaaaaaarggggghhhhhh!
Groop I implore thee, my foonting turlingdromes.
And hooptiously drangle me with crinkly bindlewurdles,
Or I will rend thee in the gobberwarts with my blurglecruncheon, see if I don't!
Nnnnnnnnnnyyyyyyyuuuuuuurrrrrrrggggggghhhhh!
Now Earthlings...I present you with a simple choice! Either die in the vacuum of space, or...tell me how good you thought my poem was!
Actually I quite liked it.
Oh good...
Oh yes, I thought that some of the metaphysical imagery was really particularly effective.
Yes, do continue...
Oh...and er...interesting rhythmic devices too, which seemed to counterpoint the...er...er...
...Counterpoint the surrealism of the underlying metaphor of the...er...
...humanity of the...
Vogonity.
Ah yes, Vogonity (sorry) of the poet's compassionate soul, which contrives through the medium of the verse structure to sublimate this, transcend that, and come to terms with the fundamental dichotomies of the other, and one is left with a profound and vivid insight into...into...er...Into whatever it was the poem was about!
Well done, Arthur, that was very good.
So what you're saying is that I write poetry because underneath my mean callous heartless exterior I really just want to be loved.  Is that right?
Well I mean yes, don't we all, deep down, you know...er...
No, well you're completely wrong.  I just write poetry to throw my mean callous heartless exterior into sharp relief.  I'm going to throw you off the ship anyway. Guard! Take the prisoners to number three airlock and throw them out!
What?
You can't throw us into space, we're trying to write a book.
Resistance is useless!
I don't want to die now! I've still got a headache! I don't want to go to heaven with a headache, I'd be all cross and wouldn't enjoy it!
Hmmmm, counterpoint the surrealism of the underlying metaphor...Death's too good for them.
This is great.  This is really terrific. Let go of me you brute!
Don't you worry, I'll think of something.
Resistance is useless!
Just don't say things like that. How can anyone maintain a positive mental attitude if you're saying things like that?
My God, you're talking about a positive mental attitude and you haven't even had your planet demolished today. I woke up this morning and thought I'd have a nice relaxed day, do a bit of reading, brush the dog...It's now just after four in the afternoon and I'm already thrown out of an alien spaceship six light years from the smoking remains of the Earth!
Alright, just stop panicking.
Who said anything about panicking? This is still just the culture shock. You wait till I've settled down into the situation and found my bearings. Then I'll start panicking.
Arthur you're getting hysterical. Shut up! 
Resistance is useless!
And you can shut up as well!
Resistance is useless!
Oh give it a rest.
Do you really enjoy this sort of thing?
Enjoy? What do you mean?
What I mean is, does it give you a full satisfying life? Stomping around, shouting, pushing people out of spaceships...
Well the hours are good...
They'd have to be.
Ford, what are you doing?
Oh, just trying to take an interest in the world around me, OK?
So the hours are pretty good then?
Yeah, but now you come to mention it, most of the actual minutes are pretty lousy. Except...except some of the shouting I quite like. Resistance is...
Sure, yes, you're good at that, I can tell. But if it's mostly lousy, then why do you do it? What is
it? The girls? The leather? The machismo? Or do you just find that coming to terms with the mindless tedium of it all presents an interesting challenge?
Er...er...er...I dunno. I think I just sort of...do it really. My aunt said that spaceship guard was a good career for a young Vogon - you know, the uniform, the low-slung stun ray holster, the mindless tedium...
There you are Arthur, you think you've got problems.
Try and understand his problem. Here he is poor lad, his entire life's work is stamping around, throwing people off spaceships...
And shouting.
And shouting, sure...and he doesn't even know why he's doing it!
Well. Now you put it like that I suppose...
Good lad!
But alright, so what's the alternative?
Well, stop doing it of course!  Tell them you're not going to do it anymore.
Eerrrrrrmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmmm...erm, well that doesn't sound that great to me.
Now wait a minute. that's just the start you see, there's more to it than that you see...
No, I think if it's all the same to you. I'd better get you both shoved into this airlock and then go and get on with some other bits of shouting I've got to do.
Come on now...but look!
Huhhhhgggggggnnnnnnn...
But hang on, there's music and art and things to tell you about yet! Arrrggghhh!
Resistance is useless. You see if I keep it up I can eventually get promoted to Senior Shouting Officer, and there aren't usually many vacancies for non-shouting and non-pushing-people-about officers, so I think I'd better stick to what I know.
But thanks for taking an interest. Bye now.
But listen, there's a whole world you don't know anything about...here how about this? Da da da dum! Doesn't that stir anything in you?
No, not really. But I'll mention it to my aunt.
Potentially bright lad I thought.
We're trapped now aren't we?
Yes, we're trapped.
Well didn't you think of anything? I thought you said you were going to think of something. Perhaps you thought of something and didn't notice.
Oh yes, I thought of something,
But unfortunately, it rather involved being on the other side of this airtight hatchway. 
But it was a good idea was it?
Oh yes, very neat.
What was it?
Well I hadn't worked out the details yet. Not much point now is there?
So...er, what happens next?
Oh, er, well the hatchway in front of us will open automatically in a few moments and we will shoot out into deep space I expect and asphyxicate. If you take a lungful of air with you you can last for up to thirty seconds of course...
So this is it, we're going to die.
Yes, except...no! Wait a minute! What's this switch?
What? Where?
No, I was only fooling, we are going to die after all.
You know, it's at times like this, when I'm trapped in a Vogon airlock with a man from Betelgeuse, and about to die of asphyxication in deep space that I really wish I'd listened to what my mother told me when I was young.
Why, what did she tell you?
I don't know, I didn't listen.
Oh.
This is terrific. Nelson's Column has gone, McDonald's have gone, all that's left is me and the words Mostly Harmless. Any second now all that will be left is Mostly Harmless. And yesterday the planet seemed to be going so well.

There you are, I told you I'd think of something.
Oh sure, sure.
Bright idea of mine, to find a passing spaceship and get rescued by it.
Oh come off it, the chances against it were astronomical.
Don't knock it, it worked.
What sort of ship are we in?
I don't know, I haven't opened my eyes yet.
No, nor have I.
Good god, it looks just like the sea front at Southend.
Hell, I'm relieved to hear you say that.
Why?
Because I thought I must be going mad.
Perhaps you are. Perhaps you only thought I said it.
Well, did you say it or didn't you?
I think so.
Well, perhaps we're both going mad.
Yes, we'd be mad, all things considered, to think this was Southend.
Well, do you think this is Southend?
Oh yes.
So do I.
Therefore we must be mad.
Nice day for it.
Yes.
Who was that?
Who - the man with the five heads and the elderberry bush full of kippers?
Yes.
I don't know. Just someone.
Ah.
You know, if this is Southend, there's something very odd about it...
You mean the way the sea stays steady and the buildings keep washing up and down? Yes I thought that was odd too. In fact, there is something altogether very strange going on.
Two to the power of one hundred thousand to one against and falling.
What was that voice?
 I don't know. I don't know. It sounded like a measurement of probability.
Probability? What do you mean?
Probability. You know, like two to one, three to one, five to four against. It said two to the power of one hundred thousand to one against. That's pretty improbable you know.
But what does it mean?
What, the custard?
No, the measurement of probability!
I don't know. I don't know at all. I think we're on some kind of spaceship.
I can only assume, that this is not the first-class compartment.
Haaaauuurrgghhh. Southend seems to be melting away...the stars are swirling...a dustbowl...my legs are drifting off into the sunset...my left arm's come off too.
Ford, you're turning into a penguin. Stop it.
Two to the power of seventy-five thousand to one against and falling.
Hey, who are you? Where are you? What's going on and is there any way of stopping it?
Please relax. You are perfectly safe.
But that's not the point! The point is that I am now a perfectly safe penguin, and my colleague here is rapidly running out of limbs!
It's alright, I've got them back now.
Two to the power of fifty thousand to one against and falling,
Admittedly, they're longer than I usually like them, but...
Isn't there anything you feel you ought to be telling us?
Welcome to the Starship Heart of Gold.
Please do not be alarmed by anything you see or hear around you. You are bound to feel some initial ill effects as you have been rescued from certain death at an improbability level of two to the power of two hundred and seventy-six thousand to one against - possibly much higher. We are now cruising at a level of two to the power of twenty-five thousand to one against and falling, and we will be restoring normality just as soon as we are sure what is normal anyway. Thank you. Two to the power of twenty thousand to one against and falling.
Arthur! This is fantastic! We've been picked up by a ship powered by the Infinite Improbability Drive! This is incredible! I heard rumours about it before! They were all officially denied, but they must have done it! They've built the Improbability Drive! Arthur, this is...Arthur? What's happening?
Ford! there's an infinite number of monkeys outside who want to talk to us about this script for Hamlet they've worked out.

Five to one against and falling...four to one against and falling...three to one...two...one...probability factor of one to one...we have normality, I repeat we have normality.
Anything you still can't cope with is therefore your own problem. Please relax. You will be sent for soon.
Who are they Trillian?
Just a couple of guys we seem to have picked up in open space. Section ZZ9 Plural Z Alpha.
Yeah, well that's a very sweet thought Trillian, but do you really think it's wise under the circumstances? I mean, here we are on the run and everything, we must have the police of half the Galaxy after us by now, and we stop to pick up hitchhikers. OK, so ten out of ten for style, but minus several million for good thinking, yeah?
Zaphod, they were floating unprotected in open space...you wouldn't want them to have died would you?
Well, you know...no. Not as such, but...
Not as such? Not die as such? But? 
Well, maybe someone else might have picked them up later.
A second later and they would have been dead.
Yeah, so if you'd taken the trouble to think about the problem a bit longer it would have gone away.
You'd been happy to let them die?
Well, you know, not happy as such, but...
Anyway, I didn't pick them up.
What do you mean? Who picked them up then?
The ship did.
Huh?
The ship did. All by itself.
Huh?
Whilst we were in Improbability Drive.
But that's incredible.
No Zaphod. Just very very improbable.
Er, yeah.
Look Zaphod, don't worry about the aliens. They're just a couple of guys I expect. I'll send the robot down to get them and bring them up here. Hey Marvin!
I think you ought to know I'm feeling very depressed.
Oh God.
Well, here's something to occupy you and keep your mind off things.
It won't work. I have an exceptionally large mind.
Marvin!
Alright, what do you want me to do?
Go down to number two entry bay and bring the two aliens up here
under surveillance.
Just that?
Yes.
I won't enjoy it.
She's not asking you to enjoy it! Just do it will you?
Alright, I'll do it.
Good...great...thank you...
I'm not getting you down at all am I?
No no Marvin. That's just fine, really...
I wouldn't like to think that I was getting you down.
No, don't worry about that, you just act as comes naturally and everything will be just fine.
You're sure you don't mind?
No no Marvin, that's just fine, really...just part of life.
Life. Don't talk to me about life.
I don't think I can stand that robot much longer Zaphod.
I think the ship's brand new.
How can you tell? Have you got some exotic device for measuring the age of metal?

No, I just found this sales brochure lying on the floor. It's a lot of "'the Universe can be yours" stuff. Ah! Look, I was right.
It says: Sensational new breakthrough in Improbability Physics. As soon as the ship's drive reaches Infinite Improbability it passes through every point in the Universe. Be the envy of other major governments. Wow, this is big league stuff.
Listen, they make a big thing of the ship's cybernetics. A new generation of Sirius Cybernetics Corporation robots and computers, with the new GPP feature.
GPP feature? What's that?
Oh, it says Genuine People Personalities.
Oh, sounds ghastly.
It is.
What?
Ghastly. It all is. Absolutely ghastly. Just don't even talk about it. Look at this door. All the doors in this spaceship have a cheerful and sunny disposition. It is their pleasure to open for you, and their satisfaction to close again with the knowledge of a job well done.
Hummmmmmmyummmmmmm ah!
Come on. I've been ordered to take you down to the bridge. Here I am, brain the size of a planet and they ask me to take you down to the bridge. Call that job satisfaction? 'Cos I don't.
Er, excuse me.  Which government owns this ship?
You watch this door.  It's about to open again. I can tell by the intolerable air of smugness it suddenly generates.
Come on.
Thank you the marketing division of the Sirius Cybernetics Corporation. "Let's build robots with Genuine People Personalities," they said. So they tried it out with me. I'm a personality prototype. You can tell can't you?
I hate that door. I'm not getting you down at all am I?
Which government...
No government owns it.  It's been stolen.
Stolen?
Stolen?
Who by?
Zaphod Beeblebrox.
Zaphod Beeblebrox...? 
Sorry, did I say something wrong? Pardon me for breathing, which I never do anyway so I don't know why I bother to say it, oh God I'm so depressed. Here's another of those self-satisfied door. Life! Don't talk to me about life.
No one ever mentioned it. Ford, are you alright?
Did that robot say Zaphod Beeblebrox?
Vell, Zaphod's jist zis guy you know?
Hey, what do you do that for?
I've just thought of something.
Yeah? Worth interrupting a news bulletin about me for?
You hear enough about yourself as it is.
I'm very insecure. We know that.
Can we drop your ego for a moment? This is important.
If there's anything more important than my ego around, I want it
caught and shot now. 
Listen, we picked up those couple of guys...
What couple of guys?
The couple of guys we picked up.
Oh, yeah, those couple of guys.
We picked them up in sector ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha.
Yeah?
Does that mean anything to you?
Mmmmm. ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha. ZZ 9 Plural Z Alpha?
Well?
Er...what does the Z mean?
Which one?
Any one.
There. Right there.
Hey...Yeah!
Well?
Well what?
It's the same sector you originally picked me up in.
Hey, yeah, now that is wild. We should have zapped straight into the middle of the Horsehead Nebula. How did we come to be there? I mean that's nowhere.
Improbability Drive. You explained it to me yourself. We pass through every point in the Universe, you know that.
Yeah, but that's one wild coincidence isn't it?
Yes.
Picking someone up at that point? Out of the whole of the Universe to choose from? That's just too...I want to work this out. Computer!
Hi there!
Oh God.
I want you to know that whatever your problem, I am here to help you solve it.
Yeah yeah. Look, I think I'll just use a piece of paper.
Sure thing. I understand. If you ever want...
Shut up!
OK, OK...
Can we work out from their point of view what the Improbability of their rescue was?
Yes, that's a constant.  Two to the power of two hundred and seventy-six thousand seven hundred and nine to one against.
That's high. They're two lucky lucky guys.
Yes.
But relative to what we were doing when the ship picked them up...
...it's pretty low.
Yes.
That's one big whack of Improbability to be accounted for. Something pretty improbable has got to show up on the balance sheet if it's all going to add up into a pretty sum.
Bat's dots, I can't work it out.
Well?
OK. Computer!
Why hello there! All I want to do is make your day nicer and nicer and nicer...
Yeah well shut up and work something out for me.
Sure thing. You want a probability forecast based on...
Improbability data, yeah.
OK. Here's an interesting little notion. Did you realize that most people's lives are governed by telephone numbers?
Have you flipped?
No, but you will when I tell you that...
Telephone number? Did that thing say telephone number?
What I was about to say was that...
Don't bother please.
Look, what is this?
I don't know, but those aliens - they're on the way up to the bridge with that wretched robot. Can we pick them up on any monitor cameras?
...and then of course I've got this terrible pain in all the diodes down my left hand side...
No? Really?
Oh yes, I mean I've asked for them to be replaced but no one ever listens.
I can imagine.
Well well well. Zaphod Beeblebrox...
You know what's happened now of course?
No, what?
We've arrived at another of those doors.
Well? Do we go through?
Do we go through? Yes. This is the entrance to the bridge. I was told to take you to the bridge. Probably the highest demand that will be made on my intellectual capacities today I shouldn't wonder.
Thank you for making a simple door very happy.
Funny how just when you think life can't possibly get any worse it suddenly does.
I suppose you want to see the aliens now. Do you want me to sit in a corner and rust, or just fall apart where I'm standing?
Yeah, just show them in would you Marvin?
What's...?
Shhh, come in.
Ford, hi, how are you? Glad you could drop in.
Zaphod, great to see you, you're looking well, the extra arm suits you. Nice ship you've stolen.
You mean you know this guy? 
Know him! He's...
Oh, Zaphod, this is a friend of mine, Arthur Dent. I saved him when his planet blew up.
Oh sure. hi Arthur, glad you could make it.
Hi.
And Arthur, this is my semi-cousin Zaphod Beeb...
We've met.
Err...what?
I said we've met.
Hey...er, have we? Hey...er...
What do you mean you've met? This is Zaphod Beeblebrox from Betelgeuse Five you know, not bloody Martin Smith from Croydon.
I don't care. We've met, haven't we Zaphod Beeblebrox - or should I say...Phil?
What!
You'll have to remind me. I've a terrible memory for species.
It was at a party.
Yeah, well I doubt that.
Cool it will you Arthur!
A party six months ago. On Earth...England...
London. Islington.
Oh, that party.
What?
You don't mean to say you've been on that miserable planet as well do you?
No, of course not. Well, I may have just dropped in briefly, you know, on my way somewhere...
But I was stuck there for fifteen years!
Well I didn't know that did I?
But what were you doing there?
Looking about, you know.
He gatecrashed a party. A fancy dress party...
It would have to be, wouldn't it?
At this party was a girl...oh well, look it doesn't matter now. The whole place has gone up in smoke anyway...
I wish you'd stop sulking about that bloody planet.
Who was the lady?
Oh just somebody. Well alright, I wasn't doing very well with her. I'd been trying all evening. Hell, she was something though. Beautiful, charming, devastatingly intelligent, at last I'd got her to myself for a bit and was plying her with a bit of talk when this friend of yours barges up and says Hey doll, is this guy boring you? Why don't you talk to me instead? I'm from a different planet. I never saw her again.
Zaphod?
Yes. He only had the two arms and the one head and he called himself Phil, but...
But you must admit he did turn out to be from another planet.
Tricia McMillian? What are you doing here?
Same as you. I hitched a lift. After all with a degree in Maths and another in astrophysics what else was there to do? It was either that or the dole queue again on Monday.
Infinity minus one. Improbability sum now complete.
Trillian, is this sort of thing going to happen every time we use the Improbability drive?
Very probably, I'm afraid.

Zaphod...?
Yeah?
I think we just found what you came to look for.
Hey, yeah?
See? The ship's about to move into orbit.  There's a planet out there. It's at the exact coordinates you predicted.
Ford! Hey, come and take a look at this.
You recognize those Galactic coordinates?
No.
I'll give you a clue. Computer!
Hi gang! This is getting real sociable isn't it?
Shut up, and show up the screens.
Recognize that?
Er, no.
What do you see?
Nothing.
Recognize it?
What are you talking about?
We're in the Horsehead Nebula. One whole vast dark cloud.
And I was meant to recognize that from a blank screen?
Inside a dark nebula is the only place in the Galaxy you'd see a dark screen.
Very good.
Hey, this is really terrific, this is just far too much!
What's so great about being stuck in a dust cloud?
What would you reckon to find here?
Nothing.
No stars? No planets?
No.
Computer! Rotate angle of vision through one-eighty degrees and don't talk about it!
I've found it! I've found it!
What is it?
That...is the most improbable planet that ever existed.

You're crazy, Zaphod. Magrathea is a myth, a fairy story, it's what parents tell their kids about at night if they want them to grow up to become economists, it's...
And that's what we are currently in orbit around.
Look, I can't help what you may personally be in orbit around, but this ship...
Computer!
Oh no...
Hi there! This is Eddie your shipboard computer, and I'm feeling just great guys, and I know I'm just going to get a bundle of kicks out of any programme you care to run through me.
Computer, tell us again what our present trajectory is.
A real pleasure feller.  We are currently in orbit at an altitude of three hundred miles around the legendary planet of Magrathea.
Proving nothing. I wouldn't trust that computer to speak my weight.
I can do that for you, sure. I can even work out you personality problems to ten decimal places if it will help.
Zaphod, any minute now we will be swinging round to the daylight side of this planet, whatever it turns out to be.
Hey, what do you mean by that? The planet's where I predicted it would be isn't it?
Yes, I know there's a planet there. I'm not arguing with anyone, it's just that I wouldn't know Magrathea from any other lump of cold rock. Dawn's coming up if you want it.
OK, OK, let's at least give our eyes a good time. Computer!
Hi there! What can I...
Just shut up and give us a view of the planet again.
We are now traversing the night side...
The surface of the planet is now three hundred miles beneath us...
In a few seconds we should see...there!
The fires of dawn...! The twin suns of Soulianis and Rahm...!
Or whatever.
Soulianis and Rahm!
I only know what Zaphod's told me. Apparently Magrathea is some kind of legend from way back which no one seriously believes in. Bit like Atlantis on Earth, except that the legends say the Magratheans used to manufacture planets.
Is there any tea on this spaceship?
Well, even supposing it is...
It is.
Which it isn't. What do you want with it anyway? There's nothing there.
Not on the surface.
Alright, just supposing there's something. I take it you're not here for the sheer industrial archaeology of it all. What are you after?
Well, it's partly the curiosity, partly a sense of adventure, but mostly I think it's the fame and the money...
You know I don't like the look of that planet at all.
Ah, take no notice. with half the wealth of the former Galactic Empire stored on it somewhere it can afford to look frumpy.
I think it's just a dead planet.
The suspense is killing me.

Is it safe?
Magrathea's been dead for five million years. Of course it's safe. Even the ghosts will have settled down and raised families by now.
Greetings to you...
Computer!
Hi there!
What the photon is it?
Oh, just some five-million-year-old tape that's being broadcast at us.
A what? A recording?
Shush! It's carrying on.
This is a recorded announcement, as I'm afraid we're all out at the moment. The commercial council of Magrathea thanks you for your esteemed visit...
A voice from ancient Magrathea!
OK, OK.
...but regrets that the entire planet is temporarily closed for business. Thank you. If you would care to leave your name and the address of a planet where you can be contacted, kindly speak when you hear the tone.
They want to get rid of us. What do we do?
It's just a recording. We keep going. Got that, computer?
I got it.
We would like to assure you that as soon as our business is resumed announcements will be made in all fashionable magazines and colour supplements, when our clients will once again be able to select from all that's best in contemporary geography. Meanwhile we thank our clients for their kind interest and would ask them to leave. Now.
Well, I suppose we'd better be going then, hadn't we?
Shhh! There's absolutely nothing to be worried about.
Then why's everyone so tense?
They're just interested! Computer, start a descent into the atmosphere and prepare for landing.
It is most gratifying that your enthusiasm for our planet continues unabated, and so we would like to assure you that the guided missiles currently converging with your ship are part of a special service we extend to all of our most enthusiastic clients, and the fully armed nuclear warheads are of course merely a courtesy detail. We look forward to your custom in future lives...thank you.
Oh.
Er...
Well?
Look, will you get it into your heads? That's just a recorded message. It's millions of years old. It doesn't apply to us, get it?
What about the missiles?
Missiles? Don't make me laugh.
I think they're going to have a very good try at applying to us.
Hey this is terrific! Someone down there is trying to kill us!
Terrific.
But don't you see what this means?
Yes. We're going to die.
Yes, but apart from that.
Apart from that?
It means we must be on to something!
How soon can we get off it?
As a matter of interest, what are we going to do?
Just keep cool.
Is that all? shouted Arthur.
No, we're also going to...er...take evasive action. Computer, what evasive action can we take?
Er, none I'm afraid, guys.
...or something. ...er...
There seems to be something jamming my guidance system. Impact minus forty-five seconds. Please call me Eddie if it will help you to relax.
Right! Er...we've got to get manual control of this ship.
Can you fly her?
No, can you?
No.
Trillian, can you?
No.
Fine. We'll do it together.
I can't either.
I'd guessed that. OK computer, I want full manual control now.
You got it.
OK, Ford. full retro thrust and ten degrees starboard. Or something...
Good luck guys. Impact minus thirty seconds...
Impact minus twenty seconds, guys...
Then turn the bloody engines back on!
OK, sure thing, guys.
When you walk through the storm...hold your head up high...
And don't...be afraid...of the dark!
At the end of the storm...
...is a golden sky...
And the sweet silver songs of the lark...Revised impact time fifteen seconds fellas...Walk on through the wind...
This is it. We are now quite definitely going to die aren't we?
I wish you'd stop saying that.
Well we are aren't we?
Yes.
Walk on through the rain...
Why doesn't anyone turn on this Improbability Drive thing? We could probably reach that.
What are you crazy? Without proper programming anything could happen.
Does that matter at this stage?
Though your dreams be tossed and blown...
Walk on, walk on, with hope in your heart...
Does anyone know why Arthur can't turn on the Improbability Drive?
And you'll never walk alone...Impact minus five seconds, it's been great knowing you guys, God bless...You'll ne...ver...walk...alone!
I said, does anyone know...

What the hell happened?
Well I was just saying, there's this Improbability Drive switch over here...
But where are we?
Exactly where we were, I think...
Then what's happened to the missiles?
They would appear to have turned into a bowl of petunias and a very surprised looking whale...
At an Improbability Factor of eight million seven hundred and sixty-seven thousand one hundred and twenty-eight to one against.
Did you think of that, Earthman?
Well, all I did was...
That's very good thinking you know. Turn on the Improbability Drive for a second without first activating the proofing screens. Hey kid, you just saved our lives, you know that?
Oh, well, it was nothing really...
Was it? Oh well, forget it then. OK, computer, take us in to land.
But...
I said forget it.
Ah...! What's happening?
Er, excuse me, who am I?
Hello?
Why am I here? What's my purpose in life?
What do I mean by who am I?
Calm down, get a grip now...oh! this is an interesting sensation, what is it? It's a sort of...yawning, tingling sensation in my...my...well I suppose I'd better start finding names for things if I want to make any headway in what for the sake of what I shall call an argument I shall call the world, so let's call it my stomach.
Good. Ooooh, it's getting quite strong. And hey, what's about this whistling roaring sound going past what I'm suddenly going to call my head? Perhaps I can call that...wind! Is that a good name? It'll do...perhaps I can find a better name for it later when I've found out what it's for. It must be something very important because there certainly seems to be a hell of a lot of it. Hey! What's this thing? This...let's call it a tail - yeah, tail. Hey! I can really thrash it about pretty good can't I? Wow! Wow! That feels great! Doesn't seem to achieve very much but I'll probably find out what it's for later on. Now - have I built up any coherent picture of things yet?
No.
Never mind, hey, this is really exciting, so much to find out about, so much to look forward to, I'm quite dizzy with anticipation...
Or is it the wind?
There really is a lot of that now isn't it?
And wow! Hey! What's this thing suddenly coming towards me very fast? Very very fast. So big and flat and round, it needs a big wide sounding name like...ow...ound...round...ground! That's it! That's a good name - ground!
I wonder if it will be friends with me?
Oh no, not again.

Are we taking this robot with us?
Oh, the Paranoid Android. Yeah, we'll take him.
But what are supposed to do with a manically depressed robot?
You think you've got problems. What are you supposed to do if you are a manically depressed robot? No, don't bother to answer that, I'm fifty thousand times more intelligent than you and even I don't know the answer. It gives me a headache just trying to think down to your level.
My white mice have escaped!
Nuts to your white mice.
Good afternoon boys.
It's the computer. I discovered it had an emergency back-up personality that I thought might work out better.
Now this is going to be your first day out on a strange new planet, so I want you all wrapped up snug and warm, and no playing with any naughty bug-eyed monsters.
I'm sorry, I think we might be better off with a slide rule.
Right! Who said that?
Will you open the exit hatch please, computer?
Not until whoever said that owns up.
Oh God.
Come on.
Computer...
I'm waiting. I can wait all day if necessary...
Computer...if you don't open that exit hatch this moment I shall zap straight off to your major data banks and reprogram you with a very large axe, got that?
I can see this relationship is something we're all going to have to work at.
It'll all end in tears, I know it.

It's fantastic...
Desolate hole if you ask me. I could have more fun in a cat litter.
No, don't you understand, this is the first time I've actually stood on the surface of another planet...a whole alien world...! Pity it's such a dump though.
Look.
I suppose there's no point in trying to bury it?
Come.
What, down there?
Yeah. come on, I've got something to show you.
We can see it.
Not that. something else. Come on.
Come on. I've found a way in.
In?
Into the interior of the planet! An underground passage. The force of the whale's impact cracked it open, and that's where we have to go. Where no man has trod these five million years, into the very depths of time itself...
Life, loathe it or ignore it, you can't like it.
According to the legends, the Magratheans lived most of their lives underground.
Why's that? Did the surface become too polluted or overpopulated?
No, I don't think so. I think they just didn't like it very much.
Are you sure you know what you're doing? We've been attacked once already you know.
Look kid, I promise you the live population of this planet is nil plus the four of us, so come on, let's get on in there. Er, hey Earthman...
Arthur.
Yeah could you just sort of keep this robot with you and guard this end of the passageway. OK?
Guard? What from? You just said there's no one here.
Yeah, well, just for safety, OK?
Whose? Yours or mine?
Good lad. OK, here we go.
Well I hope you all have a really miserable time.
Don't worry. They will.
There, what did I tell you? An inhabited planet. Magrathea.
Hey, have you any idea what these strange symbols are?
I think they're just strange symbols of some kind.
Look, you reckon this is Magrathea...
Yeah. and we heard the voice, right?
OK, so I've bought the fact that it's Magrathea - for the moment. What you have so far said nothing about is how in the Galaxy you found it. You didn't just look it up in a star atlas, that's for sure.
Research. Government archives. Detective work. Few lucky guesses. Easy.
And then you stole the Heart of Gold to come and look for it with?
I stole it to look for a lot of things.
A lot of things? Like what?
I don't know.
What?
I don't know what I'm looking for.
Why not?
Because...because...I think it might be because if I knew I wouldn't be able to look for them.
What, are you crazy?
It's a possibility I haven't ruled out yet.  I only know as much about myself as my mind can work out under its current conditions. And its current conditions are not good.
Listen old friend, if you want to...
No, wait...I'll tell you something. I freewheel a lot. I get an idea to do something, and, hey, why not, I do it. I reckon I'll become President of the Galaxy, and it just happens, it's easy. I decide to steal this ship. I decide to look for Magrathea, and it all just happens. Yeah, I work out how it can best be done, right, but it always works out. It's like having a Galacticredit card which keeps on working though you never send off the cheques. And then whenever I stop and think - why did I want to do something? - how did I work out how to do it? - I get a very strong desire just to stop thinking about it. Like I have now. It's a big effort to talk about it.
Last night I was worrying about this again. About the fact that part of my mind just didn't seem to work properly. Then it occurred to me that the way it seemed was that someone else was using my mind to have good ideas with, without telling me about it. I put the two ideas together and decided that maybe that somebody had locked off part of my mind for that purpose, which was why I couldn't use it. I wondered if there was a way I could check.
I went to the ship's medical bay and plugged myself into the encephelographic screen. I went through every major screening test on both my heads - all the tests I had to go through under government medical officers before my nomination for Presidency could be properly ratified. They showed up nothing. Nothing unexpected at least. They showed that I was clever, imaginative, irresponsible, untrustworthy, extrovert, nothing you couldn't have guessed. And no other anomalies. So I started inventing further tests, completely at random. Nothing. Then I tried superimposing the results from one head on top of the results from the other head. Still nothing. Finally I got silly, because I'd given it all up as nothing more than an attack of paranoia.
Last thing I did before I packed it in was take the superimposed picture and look at it through a green filter. You remember I was always superstitious about the colour green when I was a kid? I
always wanted to be a pilot on one of the trading scouts?
And there it was, clear as day. A whole section in the middle of both brains that related only to each other and not to anything else around them. Some bastard had cauterized all the synapses and electronically traumatised those two lumps of cerebellum.
Somebody did that to you?
Yeah.
But have you any idea who? Or why?
Why? I can only guess. But I do know who the bastard was.
You know? How do you know?
Because they left their initials burnt into the cauterized synapses. They left them there for me to see.
Initials? Burnt into your brain?
Yeah.
Well, what were they, for God's sake?
Z.B..
I'll tell you about it later.

Night's falling. Look robot, the stars are coming
out.
I know. Wretched isn't it?
But that sunset! I've never seen anything like it in my wildest dreams...the two suns! It was like mountains of fire boiling into space.
I've seen it. It's rubbish.
We only ever had the one sun at home. I came from a planet called Earth you know.
I know. You keep going on about it. It sounds awful.
Ah no, it was a beautiful place.
Did it have oceans?
Oh yes, great wide rolling blue oceans...
Can't bear oceans.
Tell me, o you get on well with other robots?
Hate them. Where are you going?
I think I'll just take another walk.
Don't blame you.

You choose a cold night to visit our dead planet.
Who...who are you?
My name is not important.
I...er...you startled me...
Hmmmm?
I said you startled me.
Do not be alarmed, I will not harm you.
But you shot at us! There were missiles...
An automatic system. Ancient computers ranged in the bowels of the planet tick away the dark millennia, and the ages hang heavy on their dusty data banks. I think they take the occasional pot shot to relieve the monotony.
I'm a great fan of science you know.
Oh...er, really?
Oh, yes.
Ah, er...
You seem ill at ease.
Er, no...well, yes. Actually you see, we weren't really expecting to find anybody about in fact. I sort of gathered that you were all dead or something...
Dead? Good gracious no, we have but slept.
Slept? 
Yes, through the economic recession you see.
Er, economic recession?
Well you see, five million years ago the Galactic economy collapsed, and seeing that custom-made planets are something of a luxury commodity you see...
You know we built planets do you?
Well yes, I'd sort of gathered...
Fascinating trade, doing the coastlines was always my favourite. Used to have endless fun doing the little bits in fjords...so anyway, the recession came and we decided it would save us a lot of bother if we just slept through it. So we programmed the computers to revive us when it was all over.
The computers were index linked to the Galactic stock market prices you see, so that we'd all be revived when everybody else had rebuilt the economy enough to afford our rather expensive services.
That's a pretty unpleasant way to behave isn't it?
Is it? I'm sorry, I'm a bit out of touch.
Is that robot yours?
No, I'm mine.
If you'd call it a robot. It's more a sort of electronic sulking machine.
Bring it.
On second thoughts, leave it here. You must come with me. Great things are afoot.
Come.  Come now or you will be late.
Late? What for?
What is your name, human?
Dent. Arthur Dent.
Late, as in the late Dentarthurdent. It's a sort of threat you see. I've never been very good at them myself, but I'm told they can be very effective.
What an extraordinary person.
I beg your pardon?
Oh nothing, I'm sorry. Alright, where do we go?
In my aircar. We are going deep into the bowels of the planet where even now our race is being revived from its five-million-year slumber. Magrathea awakes.
Excuse me. What is your name by the way?
My name? My name...is Slartibartfast.
I beg your pardon?
Slartibartfast.
Slartibartfast?
I said it wasn't important.

Earthman, we are now deep in the heart of Magrathea.
How did you know I was an Earthman?
These things will become clear to you. At least, clearer than they are at the moment.
I should warn you that the chamber we are about to pass into does not literally exist within our planet. It is a little too...large. We are about to pass through a gateway into a vast tract of hyperspace. It may disturb you.
It scares the willies out of me. Hold tight.
Welcome. Welcome to our factory floor.
This is where we make most of our planets you see.
You mean, you mean you're starting it all up again now?
No no, good heavens no.  No, the Galaxy isn't nearly rich enough to support us yet. No, we've been awakened to perform just one extraordinary commission for very...special clients from another dimension. It may interest you...there in the distance in front of us.
The Earth...
Well, the Earth Mark Two in fact. We're making a copy from our original blueprints.
Are you trying to tell me that you originally...made the Earth?
Oh yes. Did you ever go to a place...I think it was called Norway?
No, no, I didn't.
Pity. that was one of mine. Won an award you know. Lovely crinkly edges. I was most upset to hear about its destruction.
You were upset!
Yes. Five minutes later and it wouldn't have mattered so much. It was a quite shocking cock-up.
Huh?
The mice were furious.
The mice were furious?
Oh yes.
Yes well so I expect were the dogs and cats and duckbilled platypuses, but...
Ah, but they hadn't paid for it you see, had they?
Look, would it save you a lot of time if I just gave up and went mad now?
Earthman, the planet you lived on was commissioned, paid for, and run by mice. It was destroyed five minutes before the completion of the purpose for which it was built, and we've got to build another one.
Mice?
Indeed Earthman.
Look, sorry - are we talking about the little white furry things with the cheese fixation and women standing on tables screaming in early sixties sitcoms?
Earthman, it is sometimes hard to follow your mode of speech. Remember I have been asleep inside this planet of Magrathea for five million years and know little of these early sixties sitcoms of which you speak. These creatures you call mice, you see, they are not quite as they appear. They are merely the protrusion into our dimension of vast hyperintelligent pan-dimensional beings. The whole business with the cheese and the squeaking is just a front.
They've been experimenting on you I'm afraid.
Ah no, I see the source of the misunderstanding now. No, look you see, what happened was that we used to do experiments on them. They were often used in behavioural research, Pavlov and all that sort of stuff. So what happened was that the mice would be set all sorts of tests, learning to ring bells, run around mazes and things so that the whole nature of the learning process could be examined. From our observations of their behaviour we were able to learn all sorts of things about our own...
Such subtlety...one has to admire it.
What?
How better to disguise their real natures, and how better to guide your thinking. Suddenly running down a maze the wrong way, eating the wrong bit of cheese, unexpectedly dropping dead of myxomatosis, - if it's finely calculated the cumulative effect is enormous.
You see, Earthman, they really are particularly clever hyperintelligent pan-dimensional beings. Your planet and people have formed the matrix of an organic computer running a ten-million-year research programme...
Let me tell you the whole story. It'll take a little time.
Time is not currently one of my problems.

What is this great task for which I, Deep Thought, the second greatest computer in the Universe of Time and Space have been called into existence?
Your task, O Computer...
No, wait a minute, this isn't right. We distinctly designed this computer to be the greatest one ever and we're not making do with second best. Deep Thought.  Are you not as we designed you to be, the greatest most powerful computer in all time?
I described myself as the second greatest, and such I am.
There must be some mistake. are you not a greatest computer than the Milliard Gargantubrain which can count all the atoms in a star in a millisecond?
The Milliard Gargantubrain? A mere abacus - mention it not.
And are you not a greater analyst than the Googleplex Star Thinker in the Seventh Galaxy of Light and Ingenuity which can calculate the trajectory of every single dust particle throughout a five-week Dangrabad Beta sand blizzard?
A five-week sand blizzard? You ask this of me who have contemplated the very vectors of the atoms in the Big Bang itself? Molest me not with this pocket calculator stuff.
But are you not a more fiendish disputant than the Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler of Ciceronicus 12, the Magic and Indefatigable?
The Great Hyperlobic Omni-Cognate Neutron Wrangler could talk all four legs off an Arcturan MegaDonkey - but only I could persuade it to go for a walk afterwards.
Then what is the problem?
There is no problem. I am simply the second greatest computer in the Universe of Space and Time.
But the second? Why do you keep saying the second? You're surely not thinking of the Multicorticoid Perspicutron Titan Muller are you? Or the Pondermatic? Or the...
I spare not a single unit of thought on these cybernetic simpletons! he boomed. I speak of none but the computer that is to come after me!
I think this is getting needlessly messianic.
You know nothing of future time, and yet in my teeming circuitry I can navigate the infinite delta
streams of future probability and see that there must one day come a computer whose merest operational parameters I am not worthy to calculate, but which it will be my fate eventually to design.
Can we get on and ask the question?
What computer is this of which you speak?
I will speak of it no further in this present time. Now. Ask what else of me you will that I may function. Speak.
O Deep Thought Computer, the task we have designed you to perform is this. We want you to tell us...the Answer!
The answer? The answer to what?
Life!
The Universe!
Everything!
Tricky.
But can you do it?
Yes, I can do it.
There is an answer?
A simple answer? 
Yes, Life, the Universe, and Everything. There is an answer. But, I'll have to think about it.
We demand admission!
Come on, you can't keep us out! 
We demand that you can't keep us out!
Who are you? What do you want?
I am Majikthise!
And I demand that I am Vroomfondel! 
It's alright, you don't need to demand that.
Alright! I am Vroomfondel, and that is not a demand, that is a solid fact! What we demand is solid facts!
No we don't! That is precisely what we don't demand!
We don't demand solid facts! What we demand is a total absence of solid facts. I demand that I may or may not be Vroomfondel!
But who the devil are you?
We are Philosophers.
Though we may not be.
Yes we are. We are quite definitely here as representatives of the Amalgamated Union of Philosophers, Sages, Luminaries and Other Thinking Persons, and we want this machine off, and we want it off now!
What's the problem?
I'll tell you what the problem is mate. Demarcation, that's the problem!
We demand that demarcation may or may not be the problem!
You just let the machines get on with the adding up, and we'll take care of the eternal verities thank you very much. You want to check your legal position you do mate. Under law the Quest for Ultimate Truth is quite clearly the inalienable prerogative of your working thinkers. Any bloody machine goes and actually finds it and we're straight out of a job aren't we? I mean what's the use of our sitting up half the night arguing that there may or may not be a God if this machine only goes and gives us his bleeding phone number the next morning?
That's right! We demand rigidly defined areas of doubt and uncertainty!
Might I make an observation at this point?
We'll go on strike!
That's right! You'll have a national Philosopher's strike on your hands!
All I wanted to say is that my circuits are now irrevocably committed to calculating the answer to the Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe, and Everything - but the programme will take me a little while to run.
How long?
Seven and a half million years.
Seven and a half million years...! 
Yes. I said I'd have to think about it, didn't I? And it occurs to me that running a programme like this is bound to create an enormous amount of popular publicity for the whole area of philosophy in general. Everyone's going to have their own theories about what answer I'm eventually to come up with, and who better to capitalize on that media market than you yourself? So long as you can keep disagreeing with each other violently enough and slagging each other off in the popular press, you can keep yourself on the gravy train for life. How does that sound?
Bloody hell, now that is what I call thinking. Here Vroomfondel, why do we never think of things like that?
Dunno, think our brains must be too highly trained Majikthise.

Yes, very salutary, but I don't understand what all this has got to do with the Earth and mice
and things.
That is but the first half of the story Earthman. If you would care to discover what happened seven and a half millions later, on the great day of the Answer, allow me to invite you to my study where you can experience the events yourself on our Sens-O-Tape records. That is unless you would care to take a quick stroll on the surface of New Earth. It's only half completed I'm afraid - we haven't even finished burying the artificial dinosaur skeletons in the crust yet, then we have the Tertiary and Quarternary Periods of the Cenozoic Era to lay down, and...
No thank you, it wouldn't be quite the same.
No, it won't be.

Terribly unfortunate. A diode blew in one of the life-support computers. When we tried to revive our cleaning staff we discovered they'd been dead for nearly thirty thousand years. Who's going to clear away the bodies, that's what I want to know. Look why don't you sit yourself down over there and let me plug you in?
It was made out of the rib cage of a stegosaurus. Here, hold these.
O people waiting in the Shadow of Deep Thought! Honoured Descendants of Vroomfondel and Majikthise, the Greatest and Most Truly Interesting Pundits the Universe has ever known...The Time of Waiting is over!
Seven and a half million years our race has waited for this Great and Hopefully Enlightening Day! The Day of the Answer!
Never again, never again will we wake up in the morning and think Who am I? What is my purpose in life? Does it really, cosmically speaking, matter if I don't get up and go to work? For today we will finally learn once and for all the plain and simple answer to all these nagging little problems of Life, the Universe and Everything!
The time is nearly upon us.
Seventy-five thousand generations ago, our ancestors set this program in motion, and in all that time we will be the first to hear the computer speak.
An awesome prospect, Phouchg.
We are the ones who will hear the answer to the great question of Life...!
The Universe...!
And Everything...!
Shhh, I think Deep Thought is preparing to speak!
Good morning.
Er...Good morning, O Deep Thought. Do you have...er, that is...
An answer for you? Yes. I have.
There really is one?
There really is one.
To Everything? To the great Question of Life, the Universe and Everything?
Yes.
And you're ready to give it to us?
I am.
Now?
Now.
Though I don't think that you're going to like it.
Doesn't matter! We must know it! Now!
Now?
Yes! Now...
Alright.
You're really not going to like it.
Tell us!
Alright. The Answer to the Great Question...
Yes...!
Of Life, the Universe and Everything...
Yes...!
Is...
Yes...!
Is...
Yes...!!!...?
Forty-two.

We're going to get lynched aren't we?
It was a tough assignment.
Forty-two!. Is that all you've got to show for seven and a half million years' work?
I checked it very thoroughly, and that quite definitely is the answer. I think the problem, to be quite honest with you, is that you've never actually known what the question is.
But it was the Great Question! The Ultimate Question of Life, the Universe and Everything!
Yes, but what actually is it?
Well, you know, it's just Everything...Everything...
Exactly! So once you do know what the question actually is, you'll know what the answer means.
Oh terrific.
Look, alright, alright, can you just please tell us the Question?
The Ultimate Question?
Yes!
Of Life, the Universe, and Everything?
Yes!
Tricky.
But can you do it?
No.
But I'll tell you who can.
Who? Tell us!
I speak of none other than the computer that is to come after me. A computer whose merest operational parameters I am not worthy to calculate - and yet I will design it for you. A computer which can calculate the Question to the Ultimate Answer, a computer of such infinite and subtle complexity that organic life itself shall form part of its operational matrix. And you yourselves shall take on new forms and go down into the computer to navigate its ten-million-year program! Yes! I shall design this computer for you. And I shall name it also unto you. And it shall be called...The Earth.
What a dull name.
End of the tape.

Zaphod! Wake up!
Mmmmmwwwwwerrrrr?
Hey come on, wake up.
Just let me stick to what I'm good at, yeah?
Do you want me to kick you?
Would it give you a lot of pleasure?
No.
Nor me. So what's the point? Stop bugging me.
He got a double dose of the gas. Two windpipes.
And stop talking. it's hard enough trying to sleep anyway. What's the matter with the ground? It's all cold and hard.
It's gold.
Who put all that there?
Don't get excited, it's only a catalogue.
A who?
A catalogue, an illusion.
How can you say that?
Trillian and I came round a while ago. We shouted and yelled till somebody came and then carried on shouting and yelling till they got fed up and put us in their planet catalogue to keep us busy till they were ready to deal with us. This is all Sens-O-Tape.
Ah, shit. you wake me up from my own perfectly good dream to show me somebody else's.
What's that series of valleys over there?
Hallmark. We had a look.
We didn't wake you earlier. The last planet was knee deep in fish.
Fish?
Some people like the oddest things.
And before that, we had platinum. Bit dull. We thought you'd like to see this one though.
Very pretty.
Yuch.
Ow! My brains!
You want to talk about it?
Yeah, OK.
I figure this. Whatever happened to my mind, I did it. And I did it in such a way that it wouldn't be detected by the government screening tests. And I wasn't to know anything about it myself. Pretty crazy, right?
So I reckon, what's so secret that I can't let anybody know I know it, not the Galactic Government, not even myself? And the answer is I don't know. Obviously. But I put a few things together and I can begin to guess. When did I decide to run for President? Shortly after the death of President Yooden Vranx. You remember Yooden, Ford?
Yeah, he was that guy we met when we were kids, the Arcturan captain. He was a gas. He gave us conkers when you bust your way into his megafreighter. Said you were the most amazing kid he'd ever met.
What's all this?
Ancient history, when we were kids together on Betelgeuse. The Arcturan megafreighters used to carry most of the bulky trade between the Galactic Centre and the outlying regions The Betelgeuse trading scouts used to find the markets and the Arcturans would supply them. There was a lot of trouble with space pirates before they were wiped out in the Dordellis wars, and the megafreighters had to be equipped with the most fantastic defence shields known to Galactic science. They were real brutes of ships, and huge. In orbit round a planet they would eclipse the sun.
One day, young Zaphod here decides to raid one. On a tri-jet scooter designed for stratosphere work, a mere kid. I mean forget it, it was crazier than a mad monkey. I went along for the ride because I'd got some very safe money on him not doing it, and didn't want him coming back with fake evidence. So what happens? We got in his tri-jet which he had souped up into something totally other, crossed three parsecs in a matter of weeks, bust our way into a megafreighter I still don't know how, marched on to the bridge waving toy pistols and demanded conkers. A wilder thing I have not known. Lost me a year's pocket money. For what? Conkers.
The captain was this really amazing guy, Yooden Vranx. He gave us food, booze - stuff from really weird parts of the Galaxy - lots of conkers of course, and we had just the most incredible time. Then he teleported us back. Into the maximum security wing of Betelgeuse state prison. He was a cool guy. Went on to become President of the Galaxy.
Ford.
Yeah?
Just before Yooden died he came to see me.
What? You never told me.
No.
What did he say? What did he come to see you about?
He told me about the Heart of Gold. It was his idea that I should steal it.
His idea?
Yeah, and the only possible way of stealing it was to be at the launching ceremony.
Are you telling me that you set yourself up to become President of the Galaxy just to steal that ship?
That's it.
But why? What's so important about having it?
Dunno, I think if I'd consciously known what was so important about it and what I would need it for it would have showed up on the brain screening tests and I would never have passed. I think Yooden told me a lot of things that are still locked away.
So you think you went and mucked about inside your own brain as a result of Yooden talking to you?
He was a hell of a talker.
Yeah, but Zaphod old mate, you want to look after yourself you know.
I mean, don't you have any inkling of the reasons for all this?
No, I don't seem to be letting myself into any of my secrets. Still, I can understand that. I wouldn't trust myself further than I could spit a rat.
The mice will see you now.
So there you have it. Deep Thought designed the Earth, we built it and you lived on it.
And the Vogons came and destroyed it five minutes before the program was completed.
Yes. Ten million years of planning and work gone just like that. Ten million years, Earthman...can you conceive of that kind of time span? A galactic civilization could grow from a single worm five times over in that time. Gone.
Well that's bureaucracy for you.
You know, all this explains a lot of things. All through my life I've had this strange unaccountable feeling that something was going on in the world, something big, even sinister, and no one would tell me what it was.
No, that's just perfectly normal paranoia. Everyone in the Universe has that.
Everyone? Well, if everyone has that perhaps it means something! Perhaps somewhere outside the Universe we know...
Maybe. Who cares? Perhaps I'm old and tired, but I always think that the chances of finding out what really is going on are so absurdly remote that the only thing to do is to say hang the sense of it and just keep yourself occupied. Look at me: I design coastlines. I got an award for Norway.
Where's the sense in that? None that I've been able to make out. I've been doing fjords in all my life. For a fleeting moment they become fashionable and I get a major award.
In this replacement Earth we're building they've given me Africa to do and of course I'm doing it with all fjords again because I happen to like them, and I'm old fashioned enough to think that they give a lovely baroque feel to a continent. And they tell me it's not equatorial enough. Equatorial!
What does it matter? Science has achieved some wonderful things of course, but I'd far rather be happy than right any day.
And are you?
No. That's where it all falls down of course.
Pity. It sounded like quite a good lifestyle otherwise.
Come, you are to meet the mice. Your arrival on the planet has caused considerable excitement. It has already been hailed, so I gather, as the third most improbable event in the history of the Universe.
What were the first two?
Oh, probably just coincidences.
I seem to be having tremendous difficulty with my lifestyle.
I beg your pardon?
Oh nothing, only joking.
Arthur! You're safe!
Am I? Oh good.
What happened to you?
Well, our guests here have been gassing us and zapping our minds and being generally weird and have now given us a rather nice meal to make it up to us. Here, have some Vegan Rhino's cutlet. It's delicious if you happen to like that sort of thing.
Hosts? What hosts? I don't see any...
Welcome to lunch, Earth creature.
Ugh! There are mice on the table!
Oh! Oh, I'm sorry, I wasn't quite prepared for...
Let me introduce you. Arthur this is Benji mouse.
Hi.
And this is Frankie mouse.
Pleased to meet you.
But aren't they...
Yes, they are the mice I brought with me from the Earth.
Could you pass me that bowl of grated Arcturan Megadonkey?
Er, excuse me.
Yes, thank you Slartibartfast, you may go.
What? Oh...er, very well, I'll just go and get on with some of my fjords then.
Ah, well in fact that won't be necessary. It looks very much as if we won't be needing the new Earth any longer. Not now that we have found a native of the planet who was there seconds before it was destroyed.
What? You can't mean that! I've got a thousand glaciers poised and ready to roll over Africa!
Well perhaps you can take a quick skiing holiday before you dismantle them.
Skiing holiday! Those glaciers are works of art! Elegantly sculptured contours, soaring pinnacles of ice, deep majestic ravines! It would be sacrilege to go skiing on high art!
Thank you Slartibartfast. That will be all.
Yes sir. Thank you very much. Well, goodbye Earthman. Hope the lifestyle comes together.
Now, to business.
To business!
I beg your pardon?
Sorry, I thought you were proposing a toast.
Now, Earth creature, the situation we have in effect is this. We have, as you know, been more or less running your planet for the last ten million years in order to find this wretched thing called the Ultimate Question.
Why?
No - we already thought of that one, but it doesn't fit the answer. Why? - Forty-Two...you see, it
doesn't work.
No, I mean why have you been doing it?
Oh, I see. Well, eventually just habit I think, to be brutally honest. And this is more or less the point - we're sick to the teeth with the whole thing, and the prospect of doing it all over again on account of those whinnet-ridden Vogons quite frankly gives me the screaming heeby jeebies, you know what I mean? It was by the merest lucky chance that Benji and I finished our particular job and left the planet early for a quick holiday, and have since manipulated our way back to Magrathea by the good offices of your friends.
Magrathea is a gateway back to our own dimension.
Since when, we have had an offer of a quite enormously fat contract to do the 5D chat show and lecture circuit back in our own dimensional neck of the woods, and we're very much inclined to take it.
I would, wouldn't you Ford?
Oh yes, jump at it, like a shot.
But we've got to have a product you see. I mean ideally we still need the Ultimate Question in some form or other.
You see, if they're just sitting there in the studio looking very relaxed and, you know, just mentioning that they happen to know the Answer to Life, the Universe and Everything, and then eventually have to admit that in fact it's Forty-two, then the show's probably quite short. No follow-up, you see.
We have to have something that sounds good.
Something that sounds good? An Ultimate Question that sounds good? From a couple of mice?
Well, I mean, yes idealism, yes the dignity of pure research, yes the pursuit of truth in all its forms, but there comes a point I'm afraid where you begin to suspect that if there's any real truth, it's that the entire multi-dimensional infinity of the Universe is almost certainly being run by a bunch of maniacs.
And if it comes to a choice between spending yet another ten million years finding that out, and on the other hand just taking the money and running, then I for one could do with the exercise.
But...
Hey, will you get this, Earthman. You are a last generation product of that computer matrix, right, and you were there right up to the moment your planet got the finger, yeah?
Er...
So your brain was an organic part of the penultimate configuration of the computer programme.
Right?
Well.
In other words, there's a good chance that the structure of the question is encoded in the structure of your brain - so we want to buy it off you.
What, the question?
Yes.
For lots of money.
No, no, it's the brain we want to buy.
What!
I thought you said you could just read his brain electronically, protested Ford.
Oh yes, but we'd have to get it out first. It's got to be prepared.
Treated.
Diced.
Thank you!
It could always be replaced, if you think it's important.
Yes, an electronic brain. A simple one would suffice.
A simple one!
Yeah, you'd just have to program it to say What? and I don't understand and Where's the tea? - who'd know the difference?
What? 
See what I mean?
I'd notice the difference.
No you wouldn't. You'd be programmed not to.
Look, I'm sorry, mice old lads. I don't think we've got a deal.
I rather think we have to have a deal.
Emergency! Emergency! Hostile ship has landed on planet. Armed intruders in section 8A. Defence stations, defence stations!
Damnation, all that fuss over two pounds of Earthling brain.
The only thing we can do now is to try and fake a question, invent one that will sound plausible.
Difficult. How about What's yellow and dangerous?
No, no good. Doesn't fit the answer.
Alright. What do you get if you multiply six by seven?
No, no, too literal, too factual, wouldn't sustain the punters' interest.
Here's a thought. How many roads must a man walk down?
Ah. Aha, now that does sound promising! Yes, that's excellent! Sounds very significant without actually tying you down to meaning anything at all. How many roads must a man walk down?  Forty-two. Excellent, excellent, that'll fox 'em. Frankie baby, we are made!
Which way do you reckon Zaphod?
At a wild guess, I'd say down here.
OK Beeblebrox, hold it right there. We've got you covered.
Cops! You want to try a guess at all, Ford?
OK, this way.
We don't want to shoot you, Beeblebrox!
Suits me fine!
There are two of them. We're cornered.
Hey, they're shooting at us. I thought they said they didn't want to do that.
Yeah, I thought they said that.
Hey, I thought you said you didn't want to shoot us!
It isn't easy being a cop!
What did he say?
He said it isn't easy being a cop.
Well surely that's his problem isn't it?
I'd have thought so.
Hey listen! I think we've got enough problems on our own having you shooting at us, so if you could avoid laying your problems on us as well, I think we'd all find it easier to cope!
Now see here, guy, you're not dealing with any dumb two-bit trigger-pumping morons with low hairlines, little piggy eyes and no conversation, we're a couple of intelligent caring guys that you'd probably quite like if you met us socially! I don't go around gratuitously shooting people and then bragging about it afterwards in seedy space-rangers bars, like some cops I could mention! I go around shooting people gratuitously and then I agonize about it afterwards for hours to my girlfriend!
And I write novels!. Though I haven't had any of them published yet, so I better warn you, I'm in a meeeean mood!
Who are these guys?
Dunno, I think I preferred it when they were shooting.
So are you going to come quietly, or are you going to let us blast you out?
Which would you prefer?
You still there?
Yes.
We didn't enjoy doing that at all.
We could tell.
Now, listen to this, Beeblebrox, and you better listen good!
Why?
Because it's going to be very intelligent, and quite interesting and humane! Now either you all give yourselves up now and let us beat you up a bit, though not very much of course because we are firmly opposed to needless violence, or we blow up this entire planet and possibly one or two others we noticed on our way out here!
You wouldn't do that!
Oh yes we would, wouldn't we?
Oh yes, we'd have to, no question.
But why?
Because there are some things you have to do even if you are an enlightened liberal cop who knows all about sensitivity and everything!
I just don't believe these guys.
Shall we shoot them again for a bit?
Yeah, why not?

What happened?
They stopped.
Why?
Dunno, do you want to go and ask them?
No.
Hello?
That's odd.
Perhaps it's a trap.
They haven't the wit.
What were those thuds?
Dunno.
Right, I'm going to have a look.
Is no one going to say, No you can't possibly, let me go instead?
Oh well.
Let's get shot out of this hole. If whatever I'm supposed to be looking for is here, I don't want it. 

Marvin! What are you doing?
Don't feel you have to take any notice of me, please.
But how are you, metalman?
Very depressed.
What's up?
I don't know. I've never been there.
Why are you lying face down in the dust?
It's a very effective way of being wretched. Don't pretend you want to talk to me, I know you hate me.
No I don't.
Yes you do, everybody does. It's part of the shape of the Universe. I only have to talk to somebody and they begin to hate me. Even robots hate me. If you just ignore me I expect I shall probably go away.
That ship hated me.
That ship? What happened to it? Do you know?
It hated me because I talked to it.
You talked to it? exclaimed Ford. What do you mean you talked to it?
Simple. I got very bored and depressed, so I went and plugged myself in to its external computer feed. I talked to the computer at great length and explained my view of the Universe to it.
And what happened?
It committed suicide.

Hey Earthman? You hungry kid?
Er, well yes, a little peckish I suppose.
OK baby, hold tight. We'll take in a quick bite at the Restaurant at the End of the Universe.
