<http://archives.gentoo.org/gentoo-dev/msg_147364.xml>
<http://dev.gentoo.org/~amne/stuff/councilnomination.txt>

General stuff:

A) Communication: While the council is the governing body of Gentoo, it is
   important to stay in touch with the people who voted for the council in the
   first place. That means: Announcing meetings, posting logs and summaries
   thereof so people know what you are doing.
   If no one else does, i would be willing to take care of this.

   Furthermore i think Gentoo is more than just the people wearing the
   developer tag. Originally coming from the user community through the
   forums, i think it is vital to have an open ear not only to the developer
   community, but all people who contribute to Gentoo in whatever way.

B) Decision making: As i see it, the council is supposed to make decisions,
   but not work them out all alone by itself. The best way to do so is
   gathering input from the whole community and decide what's best instead of 
   having a closed process that only involves the council members and a
   selected few. 

C) Having a strong council: I think the council should be strong in its
   decisions, but as stated in 1) and 2) they should be made based on the
   input from the community.
   
D) Get the CoC situation fixed:
   Without specifics, i'm interested in finally having a solution that
   enforces the CoC on both users and developers and has clearly defined roles
   and authorities without overlaps between different projects.
   That doesn't mean moderating opinions, but clearly saying no to abusive
   behaviour, from whomever it's coming.

   I also think that social problems should and cannot be solved with
   technical solutions alone, but only human interaction.

E) Now for some Q&A fun:

1) What you will do?
3) How you will do it?

See above.

2) Why you will do it?

Because i care. I guess some people may disagree with what i'm suggesting or
what i did before, e.g. as the proctors lead. Feel free to do so, no offence
taken. In any case my motivation is that i care about Gentoo and its
future. If you think my ideas are bad and i suck, feel free to vote for
someone who sucks less. ;-)

4) What is the timescale for doing it?

No specific timescale for A-C, D has been hanging in limbo long enough and
should be cleared out.

5) What experience do you have with this or a similar role?

I've been one of the Gentoo Forums leads for a while, and so far they haven't
kicked me from that job. 

6) Why do you think you are qualified?

Jan said so in his mail that nominated me. :-)
I think i understand the social processes within Gentoo quite well, including
integrating the forums mods officially into Gentoo, and some first hand
experience from spending some time in devrel and the proctors project.

7) How you plan to balance a council role with your current Gentoo role?

The other forum moderators won't even notice me slacking off.

8) How much time can you dedicate to the council role?

As much as i think is good for me and Gentoo. As stated above, i see the
council as a deciding part of Gentoo. Reading input from different parties
certainly takes time and as a council member response times shouldn't be too
high.
If something requires some more time every now and then, it can also be
dedicated.

However i have no plans to work 168 hs/week on council stuff, simply because
one of the things i've learned from my Gentoo experience so far is that one of
the most important things is not burning out by putting all your energy into
it. If Gentoo stuff stops being fun, it's time to step back and let someone
else do it.
If anything, i like to contribute to Gentoo in a non-stressed out and positive
way.

F) Most important things
- Yes, this is a popularity contest. So i guess no one reads this actually
that far. ;-)

- If you're still not convinced I promise you guys free icecream in the Gentoo
cafeteria, a casual friday (no ties! no shirt!) and a 20% raise in
zero-day-kittens.
