<http://archives.gentoo.org/gentoo-dev/msg_147280.xml>

> 1) What you will do
> 2) Why you will do it

While being all for finally documented EAPI stuff (we really need use
and slot deps), I also want to keep an eye on user involvement. After
all I wouldn't be a dev myself if some other dev would have been willing
to help me with this stuff.

I think we have quite a bunch of powerusers who either hide a bit in the
corner or hit some devs they can't work along with. Actually makes me
sad when I see such stuff when userrel@ gets involved.

Besides that, some Distributions that base their work on gentoo already
have hit some technical issues with the system they want to work around
(There will be a binary merger some time soonish)... We should see if we
can pick up some stuff from the communities that are even not directly
gentoo related to see if we can merge work instead of duplicating it.
I second a recent planet post about NotInventedHere problems sometimes.

That should bring us back on track and at the technical top of
(meta)distributions :)

> 3) How you will do it

For the technical part, well, you can't force someone to do things if he
works just for fun. Though I want to get people motivated to work
towards the new features mentioned in previous questions. On many ends
we have proven that we can handle even huge evolutions soonish, so we
should go on with it.

> 4) What is the timescale for doing it

Some of my ideas take some weeks, some may last longer. Depends on
motivation of all involved, though I'm willing to set a point on that.

> 5) What experience do you have with this or a similar role

As being part of userrel, overlays lead and sunrise co-lead I already
have a fair share at users front I think ;)

> 6) Why do you think you are qualified

I'm quite active in the opensource community (member of two LUGs),
gentoo user since 1.4rc days and dev for more than one and a half year
now. I think I know more a bit about how the stuff works around here.

> 7) How you plan to balance a council role with your current Gentoo role

I mentored / co-mentored a good handful of devs who keep up the work
when I'm not in (Uni exams mainly) ;)

> 8) How much time can you dedicate to the council role

Should be something around 1-2 hours a day, sometimes more, sometimes a
bit less. After all I still maintain some mystic thing called real-life
;) Though if you have something important, I am on irc, reachable via
email and if there is really scary stuff going on, some devs have my
cell phone number to send me a text about it.
